I want to say "Nam Mô Phật Bổn Sư Thích Ca Mâu Ni" (Homage to the Buddha Shakyamuni).
My name is Luu Thi Ly, I live at
Minh Vinh Buddhist Temple, part of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club. I
came from Dong Van, Ha Giang, and suddenly I
got sick. I could
n't walk, so I had to undergo cosmetic surgery. For a
whole year, my husband and children took me everywhere
to see doctors. They said I had
early-stage tuberculosis. I had surgery at Hospital 108 in Hanoi, but it was still incurable.
They said it was
incurable,
and now they're saying I'm bedridden. I
also went to Thai
Nguyen for seven months of treatment, but nothing worked.
If it weren't for my illness, I would have continued working.
Yes, I was still working, and
while I was sick, my husband had to go to
other shamans. One shaman said 40 million VND, and they said I would be cured in a week. But even that wasn't enough. He said 35 million VND, and they said 35 million VND, and they said I would be cured. Even
35 million VND didn't cure me, and they
still kept going, saying it would take a month.  So,
I asked about this July. I was suffering from a persistent illness, but it did
n't get better. Then I
went to make offerings, spending 15 million VND, but it didn't cure me. I wasted a
lot of money and couldn't find a
place to find liberation. Now, the
only thing left is liberation. I want to go down to the river. That's what I'm
telling all the Buddhists. Then, I
found out about
Ba Vang Pagoda. Hoa introduced me to it, so I
called the
nun. She said, "Just keep practicing diligently.
Now, doing it right here, I only have tools."
How do you practice? After
listening to Buddhist teachings, I went
down to do volunteer work and make offerings. Then
my illness improved. I went to play, I could
walk, and I could even walk 8 kilometers. At that point, I believed it was definitely going to
work. Then I found Ba Vang Pagoda, and I didn't waste any money. And on the third trip to the pagoda, I stopped calling and did it. On the fourth trip, I was able to walk 8 kilometers to the Buddha's Peak. At that point, I
believed it was definitely going to work. I knew about
Ba Vang Pagoda, and I didn't waste any money.
But I spent
a lot of money on other treatments.  Many money
but still no cure. Now I just
say I'm going down to Ba Vang Pagoda. I only
get medicine from Ba Vang Pagoda. Every
month, whoever asks, and afterwards, I'll tell them to
go get medicine. Where is the medicine from at
Ba Vang Pagoda? I only get it from
your pagoda, not from the pagoda itself. Just a moment, I
feel like I can't stand here anymore, I still
have to
do it, it hurts so much, and this is difficult. The
fireworks are very diligent, Buddha
Shakyamuni. I respectfully greet the
club's chairperson and all the members of the
club. I introduce myself, my
name is Nguyen Thi Thu Hoai, from
Minh Vinh Buddhist Center, Vinh Phuc. The connection is that
this lady is my in-law, between my
daughter-in-law and me, her daughter. When I
asked, she said my mother is still very ill, she's still lying down wherever she goes. My
mother is like a
banana tree. She's lying there, unable to move her arms and legs, unable to
help or do anything.
Now, you're giving
me the opportunity to follow the connection with the Three Jewels, to make offerings to the
Three Jewels to help her, so that she can have a
private, My Le, Three Jewels...  My sister-in-law
agreed, and a week later,
she called my grandparents to ask about her.
They said that my grandmother's legs were gone.
Another week later, I kept asking about her, and
I wasn't that good at it.
Then, the temple bell rang, and she was still standing,
unarmed, and strong. We gently
took money to take refuge in the
Three Jewels for her. She only had to do one
thing, that's all. Later, she
could walk normally on both legs, and I was
very happy. So, dear fellow
practitioners, there are some illnesses that can only be
cured with medicine, but
we
cannot abandon doctors or physicians. Because some illnesses are related to karma; if
we cultivate and transform
our karma, then doctors will find it
easier to cure us. However, there are illnesses where the karma
hasn't been transformed, so
doctors can't cure them. Dear fellow practitioners, there are
people who don't cultivate but are
cured by doctors; it's because of their karma and
our connection. That's all there is to it. Therefore, it's rare for
someone to have the good fortune to meet a skilled doctor.
Dear fellow practitioners, you have good fortune,
but as for my sister, even a skilled doctor
has to accept it. Khánh has a fund of fellow practitioners who
don't practice and move on, so even a
skilled doctor has to accept it. Let's move on
until she practices and changes her karma, then
she won't be wrong. The
most important thing in practicing is firstly, we must repent of our
sins. If we can repent,
it's because we believe in karma.
Dear fellow practitioners, the
law of karma arises at this moment. Practicing
repentance and practicing
according to good karma will lead to karmic
transformation. Practicing according to good karma
means knowing how to make offerings.
Not knowing how to make offerings, but especially the four
times Sister Lý went down to the temple to get medicine, that was the
Eight Precepts. Those who practice the Eight Precepts
correctly,
those who change their karma, are pure, those who receive the precepts have
full faith, and practicing the precepts will see their
blessings increase very quickly. In all
those who are silent about karma, they all
guide: firstly, to know your karma,
then to repent of your karma, then to make offerings and
dedicate that karmic reward to pray for the
liberation of karmic enemies and those with
karmic debts.  She dedicates the medicinal merit to herself and practices
at home, as well as practicing the
Eight Precepts to increase her merit quickly and
transform her negative karma. That's why she
said that every month she goes to Ba
Vang Temple to get medicine, which is the medicine she receives from the
group and the spiritual foundation. It's
also very commendable that
she always
encourages Buddhists to share their experiences with
those they know who are suffering, so
they know the path to practice. That is the
responsibility of a Buddhist. If Ms.
Ly's relatives are
suffering, and they have a spiritual foundation to support them at
home, like Ms. Ly enduring hunger, or if someone in her family
is paralyzed like this, he tries his best to
find help for a while. Because when they are
exhausted and very tired,
he
and Ms. Ly
go to make offerings, and even if they run out of money,
he still goes three more times to help
because only those in
that situation can understand how much suffering a paralyzed person endures.
Therefore, Yen hopes
that all of us spiritual foundations will...  Putting
ourselves in the suffering of the beautiful woman, we
empathize with her pain. Opening the Dharma
gives rise to our diligent hearts.
Let's help them know about Buddhism, guide
them in their practice so they can transform their
karma. If we give them money, how much
money would we give them? If we gave money to Ms. Ly,
how much money would we
give her for her entire life? Ms. Ly wouldn't be able to walk, and her family would still have to take care of her, right? If Ms. Hoa had money... So now, Ms. Hoai is helping Ms. Ly to know about Buddhism. Ms. Ly's whole family is practicing Buddhism. Ms. Ly can walk around; can that be
measured in money, dear fellow practitioners? It
can't be measured in money. Therefore, what
we do is priceless.
When we convey
Buddhism to others, they believe in
karma, and we encourage them to
practice, they transform a
lot of karma. What we bring
to everyone is priceless. I
hope that fellow practitioners will open their hearts to
compassion and love, see that they are also
very
human and want to help.
Yes, others in suffering also
want to be helped.  Helping and assisting by
helping people connect with the
pure and virtuous monks of Ba Vang Pagoda, helping
them connect with the
pure and virtuous Dharma assembly, and helping them understand the
true Dharma of Buddha and practice diligently—
that is giving
a lot to this world. Sister Ly asked, "So,
will society improve?" The foundation of social welfare improves
first, then the Buddhists who transmit the
Dharma are patriotic Buddhists, and the
foundation of patriotic
Buddhists contribute to building a
better society and a peaceful country.
If a society is peaceful, then the sick
must be saved. Therefore, in
any society, the issue of
community health care is paramount. Brother Quy
continued, "From now on, with the foundation of patriotic Buddhists, do you see us
as people who care for
community health? This is evidence
of community health care.
We Buddhists shouldn't think that
we are useless in this world and that's why we go to the pagoda; rather,
we want to build this world,
so we..."  Going to the temple, Brother Quy, is
because you want to build a better world, to
build a better society, that's why
we go to Ba Da Quy Temple, Brother Quy. And
also on behalf of the Golden Club, we've achieved
harmony.
Congratulations to you, Sister Hoai. Thank you, Sister Ly, for
letting the community know about the results of
your practice. This is also a
great encouragement to the community, and we rejoice in the
merits of both of you. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. A-u-
u